Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Good drive?
Well. it took us a while to find you.
It's pretty deserted around here.
My dogs love the quiet.
Lots of space to run
around. No one to bother.
We're all so excited
to bring Stuffing home.
Stuffing?
That's what we're
gonna call him. mm-hmm.
'Cause he's adorable like
a stuffed animal.
It's cute. right?
Just a few more questions.
if you don't mind.
We filled out all
your paperwork already.
We didn't need to do this
much to buy our home.
No. because buying a home isn't nearly
as important as adopting a puppy.
A puppy isn't an impulse buy.
It's not a dress or a
car or even a house.
It's a living. breathing creature
that needs love and care.
- We want to adopt him.
- And stability.
We understand that.
We're taking this
responsibility very seriously.
Tell me your plans for Patrick.
You don't like
the name Stuffing.
Well. I guess we could
call the puppy Patrick.
although it does
seem a little formal.
Oh. and the next-door
neighbor's called Patrick. so...
- Mm-hmm. Patrick Benson.
- How did you know that?
- We ran background checks.
- I think this was a mistake.
We can find another breeder.
Our dogs need a stable home.
You don't deserve this puppy.
Thank you.
Oh. yes.
That was a close call.
wasn't it. Olympia?
Monte Leburne
didn't do it.
- What?
- He didn't kill Dad.
- You could've called.
- I knew it.
- Hi. Raya.
- Oh. hey. Kat.
- In there.
- It's a bit early.
Won't be a minute.
Can't this wait?
Okay. I want you to listen to me
for a second with an open mind.
- Oh. Kat.
- No. let's go back to the beginning.
Calligan's hitman. Monte Leburne
gets nailed for two hits.
Meanwhile. you're searching
for whoever killed Dad.
You don't have anything. You
have rumors. a few loose threads.
- And then. suddenly. Leburne confesses.
- It wasn't like that.
- Why confess?
- What are you doing?
What about the second fingerprint on...
on the weapon? It was never identified.
- Where is this coming from?
- Don't you wonder? It was all a lie.
- How can you be so sure all of a sudden?
- Monte Leburne told me himself.
You spoke to Leburne?
He asked to see me.
Monte Leburne asked
to speak to you?
Mm-hmm. So he could
tell me the truth.
Kat. do you honestly expect me...
Sorry. love. can you
just give us a second?
It's just the blueberry muffins are ready
to come out. I... I don't want them to burn.
- I can get the muffins.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
- It's just work stuff.
- Okay.
You need to speak to him before he dies.
If he retracts his confession.
we can reopen the case.
What you're saying is mad.
Monte Leburne was already
going down for two murders.
What was the harm in him
taking the rap for one more?
Don't you see? He was the
perfect person to confess.
We need to look
into Calligan again.
You have tried to nail
something on Calligan for years.
- It hasn't happened.
- So you want me to stop trying?
What about the murder weapon? We
found the knife where Leburne said.
- The real killer told him where it was!
- Oh. Kat!
When does a pro like Leburne
save the murder weapon?
We never got the weapons
for the other two murders.
Now what? He's saving it as... memorabilia
because he killed a police officer?
- Stop.
- He also saw Josh.
- Josh?
- Yeah. Josh saw him in prison.
- What?
- Next he was gone.
It has to be connected.
Like. this...
- It... It doesn't make sense!
- Stop it! Stop it!
Monte Leburne
killed your father.
It isn't neat. It isn't a perfect
fit. It never is. You know that.
No. I don't.
Someone took my dad from me.
and I just wanna know why.
Why is that so hard
for you to understand?
I understand. I get it. I've
been with you for 11 years.
I've seen what losing your dad
has done to you and Odette.
and I'm... sorry.
No one should have to go through
that. But you have to let it go.
- Your father would want you to move on.
- No.
- You know that.
- No. I can't.
Just please go and
talk to Leburne.
You've reached
Stacey's voicemail.
Leave a message and
I'll get back to you.
Stacey. it's me.
I need you to help me find Josh.
Get me. uh. uh. uh. uh... an
address. a number. anything.
I have to know why he
went to see Leburne.
What is this anyway?
- This is a good track!
- This is proper music.
"Proper music"?
Yeah!
- Hang on. hang on. This is... Oh!
- Oh. here we go. Here we go.
Now. this is what you need
to be dancing to. right?
- Yes!
- Now. this. Kat...
- No. no. Dad. no.
- I'm embarrassed. He's not my dad.
I can't let you do this.
- What do you mean?
- I've gotta show you.
What are you gonna show me?
- Let's do it together.
- Okay.
Five. six. seven. and...
- You have to make the noises. Uh!
- Whoo!
- And back. And back.
- Back.
- Yeah. man.
- Yeah. To the left.
- You don't have to choreograph me.
- Are you sure?
- Are you coming? Come on. Come on!
- Oh. here we go! You want your backup...
Where were you?
I was worried you were at
home stressing about Josh.
Josh saw Monte
Leburne in prison.
Josh saw the man
that killed your dad?
The day before he left
me. he went to the prison.
Did he mention anything to you
about Leburne? You were so close.
I'm sorry. Kat. He
didn't mention anything.
I always thought that he
left because of... me.
but maybe he was trying to
help with my dad's murder.
Maybe he found out something
that he couldn't tell me.
Can't have been
that good. could it?
Before Dad. were we
really that happy?
You were
everything to Josh.
Today we're appealing
for information
regarding the disappearance
of Rishi Magari.
Rishi was last seen one week ago
wearing a gray jacket. blue
tie. and a stripey gray shirt.
Clean yourself up. Put that on.
His disappearance
is out of character.
We're asking anyone who has
information to please come forward.
And. Rishi. if you
can see this message.
please contact us to let
us know that you're safe.
Titus.
Kneel.
Please. I...
I don't know why I'm here.
Just tell
me what you want.
I know you
want to see Vanessa.
and I'm sure she's wondering
why you haven't shown up.
If you cooperate. this
will only be a short delay
on yours and Vanessa's
way to happiness.
But if you don't...
well. we can make it worse for her.
No. Leave her alo...
Please.
I'll do anything.
Good boy.
Not much of
a turnout for Rishi.
Well. he's a grown man who's
been missing for a week.
There's not gonna be much media
attention. Anything more from forensics?
Uh. yes. they found a laptop
in an old box of
electronics in his garage.
Forensics said it will take
them a while to get to it.
- So I thought I'd give it a shot.
- Okay. great.
Oh. Um. Kat. there's a...
there's a kid in reception.
Says he'll only talk to you.
- Why me?
- No idea.
Hi.
I'm DI Donovan.
How may I help you?
My name's Brendan. and.
um. my mum's missing.
And you're the only
one that can find her.
So you're Kat?
Detective Inspector
Donovan is fine.
Do you wanna take a seat?
Okay.
So what's your mum's name?
- Uh. Dana. It's Dana Fells.
- How long has she been missing for?
Uh. it's been six days.
Yeah. she said she was going on
a trip with her boyfriend. Um...
Is it Katy or Katherine?
Your full name.
What makes you
think she's missing?
Well. I've tried calling her. and it
keeps going straight to voicemail.
And where was she going?
It was some place
in Costa Rica. Um...
Yeah. she said it was a surprise.
I... I don't know where.
- But she said she'd call me every day.
- How old are you?
I'm 19.
And you still need her
to call you every day?
This was her first time going away
with someone since my dad died.
And it... it was a good thing. I didn't...
I obviously didn't want her to be alone.
You... you know what it's
like to lose someone. right?
I mean. your dad's dead. too. isn't he?
Mine died six years ago. and my mum
hasn't been with anyone else since.
It's just me and her.
That's why she
calls me every day.
That's how I know
something is wrong.
She always calls.
Are you gonna help me?
We found something.
Need you to take a look.
All right. I'll be back.
okay? Two minutes. Stay there.
Hey. Um. so I copied Rishi's hard drive.
It's not encrypted. so I'm already in.
Now. he changed his
laptop six months ago.
so these are all the messages
that we have... for now.
This is where I'm up to.
I think I've tracked
down his mystery woman.
Is that the woman he
went to the cottage with?
Can't tell.
- So they met online?
- Doesn't everybody?
Vanessa... She have a surname?
No.
Let's try that number.
The number you
dialed has been disconnected.
Right. get on to the network providers
and see if we can trace her. okay?
Good work. Charlie.
Okay. Rishi.
What's gonna happen is
we're gonna call your bank
and you are gonna transfer
£25.000 into this account number.
Okay?
And you'll
leave Vanessa alone?
A few more days.
a few more calls.
then yes.
And after all the
money's been transferred.
we're gonna blindfold you.
take you a long way from here.
and we'll let you go.
Welcome
to telephone banking.
What would you like to do today?
Make a payment.
For security. please
say. "My voice is my password."
My voice is my password.
Authenticating voice.
Voice authenticated.
How much would you
like to transfer?
Kat. can I have a word?
I'm sorry. Kat.
Monte Leburne died this morning.
The newspapers got hold of the
story and just called for a comment.
Did you go and see him?
I know you
asked me to. but...
You didn't go?
I couldn't just walk in there. It
wouldn't have made a difference anyway.
Of course it would. Him going on
record would've changed everything.
Everything
he told you was a lie.
Just... one more twist of the knife
so that he could go out with a smirk.
There was no point in me going.
Why don't you take the
rest of the day off?
No. I need to work on
this Rishi Magari case.
The appeal's only just gone live.
It'll take time for leads to come back.
And I can take care of it.
Take some time.
- My knees are good!
- Your knees are good.
What's going on in here?
Flo has just passed her viva.
She is officially a doctor!
Oh!
Congratulations.
- Dr. Lees.
- Oh. all right.
Dr. Lees!
All right. who
wants more margaritas?
- Come on. All right. All right.
- Margaritas!
- Come on. You wanna take this on?
- Yeah. come on.
Mum.
It's all right. love.
I already know about Leburne.
A journalist came round
a couple of hours ago.
Are you okay?
Every second he was breathing.
it was like poison in the air.
He's gone now.
Air's fresh again.
Did you reach out to Josh yet?
I know you're going to.
You're not gonna let
this go. are you?
Just because you love someone doesn't mean
you always get to know every part of them.
God. we all make mistakes
in relationships.
Doesn't mean he didn't love you.
Stagger called.
He's worried about you.
Pizza time!
Come on!
You know where we are.
Jesus.
Who's there?
Brendan!
Oi!
Why were you in
my flat? Brendan?
I told you.
Told me what?
I was just trying
to find my mum.
- And you thought she was in my cupboard?
- Funny.
- I can arrest you. Do you know that?
- Okay. go ahead!
Brendan. your mum is fine. Okay?
What? You... you spoke to her?
No. but your aunt Clara got
a text from her yesterday.
- She's in Costa Rica.
- No.
- She's having fun. What do you mean. "no"?
No.
You don't get it. all right?
Mum would never text
Aunt Clara and not me.
Unless she was worried
about the way you're acting.
You don't understand. The guy
she went away with. he is...
What?
He's trouble.
Okay. I'm gonna
need more than that.
You're not gonna like it.
Why do you say that?
This is her boyfriend.
You know him.
I saw photos of you two.
You... you were engaged.
I thought you'd have an address
or a number or something for him.
- That's why I was in your flat.
- What the hell is this. Brendan?
I told you. I was...
My mum was moving on.
and I was happy for her.
And so she signs up for this dating app.
and for the first few weeks. nothing much.
And then this guy starts with the
charm. and Mum becomes obsessed.
She is messaging him all the time.
and then she goes away with him.
Impulsive. Not like her.
And then. well. she just...
she just disappears.
This is the guy
she went away with.
I hacked into the app.
and I saw your messages.
You talked to him like you knew him. so
I thought you could help me find them.
Something is wrong. and
it's him. I know it.
Look. I can't investigate where
there's no evidence of a crime.
I'm sorry. Brendan.
So call me if you
find anything new.
And try and stay out of my flat.
I didn't kill him.
I was paid to take the fall.
Welcome to my office.
Smells fragrant in here.
You try living in
a car for 14 hours.
I've been waiting for this cheating
wife to come out all morning.
So? What did you
find out about Josh?
I can't find him.
He is "gone" gone. Like.
wiped-from-all-online-existence gone.
I'm sorry. Kat. I literally
looked everywhere.
The only sign I could find of him in
11 years is that online dating profile.
which makes no sense.
No one works that hard to
disappear without a good reason.
and then. if you have
worked that hard.
why sign up online
just to get some?
This boy. Brendan.
came into the station.
and he says that Josh is dating his
mum. Dana. and they went away last week.
Well. at least the profile's
been working for him.
Josh wasn't perfect.
but he wasn't... a cheater.
We're still talking about the
same guy that abandoned you.
never ever to be seen again?
- You didn't know him.
- Did you? Really?
The kid's suspicious of Josh.
He reported his mother missing.
but there is no evidence to suggest
that there's anything wrong.
- Do we keep looking for him. then?
- I need to know what Leburne told Josh.
That's the only way I'm gonna
find out who really killed my dad.
I'll keep looking.
Lying. cheating
men are my thing.
Can you send a picture of Josh
to your prison-officer friend?
- See if she saw him at the prison...
- Yep. Sorry. Hang on a sec.
Too easy.
Ah. Calligan. Yeah. he
kept us on our toes for years.
You know he grew up a couple of
streets down from me and your dad?
Yep.
We used to hear this
story about him.
He got sick once at school.
Wet himself in front of everyone.
Well. you know what kids are like.
Didn't take long for
the nicknames to stick.
You know how he stopped them?
He followed one of the bullies
home after school one day.
Whacked him over the head with a
claw hammer. Could've killed him.
Kid was only seven.
Blood everywhere.
Cracked skull. Still
can't see out of one eye.
- Bloody hell.
- Mm-hmm.
- Didn't know that.
- No police report.
Kid said he didn't know
who did it. No witnesses.
Calligan's mum swore blind he was at
home polishing off his fish and chips.
But the names soon
stopped after that.
This... Monte Leburne news.
I know it's gonna bring
everything up. but
digging around after Calligan
again isn't gonna help.
I think we need to look at
Leburne's conviction again.
- Why did he suddenly confess?
- You know why.
He killed a police officer.
The heat on Calligan's
operation was ridiculous.
He had to throw us something.
So you actually believe that
he hired Leburne to kill Dad?
It's over. Kat. I told you.
We covered everything.
The case against Monte
Leburne was airtight.
But not Calligan.
Are you coming to
my drinks later?
- Mm-hmm.
- A man only retires once.
- Hello?
- Kat. it's Brendan.
- Brendan? How did you get this number?
- Doesn't matter.
I checked my mum's bank cards.
There's only been one
hit since she left.
but she took money from an ATM at
8:21 p.m. on Saturday. 9th March.
which is the day
that she vanished.
But the ATM is from a petrol
station in Parkchester.
So...
So we go to the airport
via Whitestone Bridge.
Parkchester's ten
miles the other way.
I don't know. Maybe
she missed her turn?
Do you do that
when you go to the airport?
You just drive ten miles
the opposite direction?
God. you're such a
smart arse. aren't you?
We need to look into this ATM charge.
Can you check CCTV or something?
- Yeah. okay. I'll look into it.
- Thanks. Bye.
Charlie. that woman. Dana Fells.
Her son says she made a cash withdrawal
from an ATM at a petrol station...
in Parkchester a week ago.
- Right.
- Um...
Can you search the
CCTV and have a look?
Yeah. sure.
Right. I've gotta go.
You got ten minutes.
He's in here.
- Hello again.
- Stacey said that you could help me.
Stacey asked if I was on duty
when your Josh Buchanan popped in.
Do you remember him?
A hottie like that?
Course.
It's enough to make a girl
start picking out wedding rings.
Mm-hmm. And what
do you remember?
What did he speak
about with Leburne?
I wasn't in the
room with them. but
your police-officer
mate should know.
A police officer
went in with Josh?
Of course. How else do you
think the journalist got in?
Do you know who the officer was?
Guy from your station.
Name's Detective Stagger.
- Kat!
- Mm-hmm?
He's already at the Askia.
Khol's leaving do?
Course he is.
No worries.
This station
has seen a lot of changes
in the years since
I've been there.
But Terrence Khol. you've
been one of our constants.
You've been. uh. a roof over
our heads to keep us upright.
Uh. not least when we
lost one of our own.
You pulled the team
together. You dug in.
You worked on one of the most important
cases of your life day in and day out
to bring justice
for Clint Donovan.
And for that. we will all
be eternally grateful.
Terry Khol. everyone.
- Do you mind if I...
- Yeah. no. go for it.
You know. a. uh... a person's
crisp packet of choice
tells you a lot about them.
And. um.
what flavor are you?
Oh. no. Ladies first.
Well. that is. um...
That's surprising.
I like to keep a man guessing.
Huh.
How vanilla!
I mean. I could've guessed it.
Yeah.
Yes!
Rishi Magari's accounts
are all frozen.
The police must've
worked something out.
So number eight is done.
Deal with him.
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna come back.
Stagger!
Why'd you take Josh to
see Leburne in prison?
I know you're getting on a bit.
but it's a strange thing to forget.
- I didn't forget.
- So why didn't you tell me?
You had all this time.
What was the point?
Josh left.
Why did you take him
to see Monte Leburne?
Josh's boss got it into his head
that... Josh could somehow
use his personal connection
to get access to Leburne
and get them some big
investigative scoop.
No.
No. there's no way he would've...
he would've visited him
just to get some
scoop for his career.
- I'd never forgive him for that.
- Which. I'm guessing. is why he left.
Because he couldn't live
with himself for doing it.
Why did you take him?
I thought maybe...
maybe he would be the one to
finally get Leburne to talk.
I just wanted to get
answers about Clint.
And did you?
No. The whole thing
was for nothing.
I didn't think that telling
you what we'd done would help.
I am sorry.
How did you really get into
the prison to see Leburne?
'Cause I checked. and I know
that he didn't call you. so
how did you get to see him?
What did you do. Kat?
Please tell me it
was by the book.
Okay. look. I didn't go
through the official channels.
Okay. You are
gonna take a break.
No. I'm not. I'm
fine. I need to work.
Mental-health break.
whatever you wanna call it.
- No one will think less of you.
- I'm not taking a fucking break!
Kat. you conned
your way into a prison.
You're suspending me?
I can't have you in
the station right now.
I don't know what
you're gonna do next.
If you carry on like this.
you'll ruin your whole career.
I'm not asking you. I am
telling you. You're out.
Get yourself together.
Huh.
Look at this.
This is the CCTV Kat wanted.
That's Dana Fells. right?
Um... Let's see.
Yeah.
Yeah. looks like it.
So there's
our missing mum.
We need to tell her.
My mum is missing.
She always calls.
Something is wrong.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm